Alex Irish
Lab 1 questions


1. Name something you like about Python. Explain
    I like the fact that things are generally more simple in python. It makes
    writing my code much quicker as long as I know what I'm doing. I also really
    like that I can test things real quick in the terminal. That helps write
    code faster as well.

2. Name something you dislike about Python. Explain
    I don't like that there are two versions that are used. I've done a few things
    in python before including a few Computer Vision labs for Hunter and I always
    used Python 3. I did something weird with my python in your class one day though
    trying to get one of your fancy testing things to work and it switched my 
    default python version to 2 and I didn't realize that till the beginning of this
    lab. The differences are pretty tiny but there were one or two things that I got
    stuck on because of the different versions. How I took in input was one of those
    things. I also don't like how for loops work. It's kind of neat to use the objects
    in the list i'm iterating over directly, but I like to have my indexes. It took
    me a little bit to figure out that I could use range().

3. Did you enjoy this lab? WHat aspects did you like/dislike?
    I did really enjoy this lab. I've never been very fond of any kind of regular
    expression, but now that I have somem experience with using it, I think it's
    kind of fun. The only thing I didn't like was the description of what you wanted
    us to output. I had to go onto Piazza to figure out what you wanted but that
    only added a minute or two to the work I put into this assignment.

4. Approzimately how many hours did you spend on this lab?
    I got to Cold Smoke Coffeea coffee at aryound 9 and finished the lab around 2. 
    That includes me ordering my coffee and then later getting up and getting a 
    bagel sandwich and eating it. It probably took 4 hours. I spent most of my time
    figuring out how to use the re methods.

5. Do you think you will use Python again? For what kind of projects?
    I have no idea what kind of projects I want to do on my own. I haven't
    really had any inspiration anywhere except for to make a scheduling application
    for work. I'd like to not do it by hand but have everyone have their time
    off and have even hours and I would like the assignment to be random. It seems
    fairly simple, but I would have to learn to create some kind of GUI which
    I really have no experience with.
    If you have time could you email me or something and tell me what you would
    suggest for creating an application like that? Also I would like to know 
    what kind of projects I could do on my own for fun or how to find projects
    that I would like to do.
